Fix an issue that caused Lightning to extract the batch size even though it was set by the user in `LightningModule.log` (#10408)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed the logging with `on_step=True` in epoch-level hooks causing unintended side-effects. Logging with `on_step=True` in epoch-level hooks will now correctly raise an error ([#10409](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10409))

- Fixed dataloader workers with `persistent_workers` being deleted on every iteration ([#10434](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10434))
- Fixed the call to `extract_batch_size` only when its required ([#10408](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10408))

- Fixed an issue where the model wrapper in Lite converted non-floating point tensors to float ([#10429](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10429))
- Fixed dataloader workers with `persistent_workers` being deleted on every iteration ([#10434](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10434))

-

- Fixed an issue where the model wrapper in Lite converted non-floating point tensors to float ([#10429](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10429))

> -

Reviewer: Keep these, they are here to try and avoid conflicts after the CHANGELOG is empty

- Fixed `CombinedLoader` and `max_size_cycle` didn't receive a `DistributedSampler` ([#10374](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/issues/10374))

> - Fixed the call to `extract_batch_size` only when its required ([#10408](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10408))

Reviewer 2: The changelog is not clear what the issue was that got fixed. IMO it should always mention the problem. Describing the solution is optional.

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue to not extract batch_size when batch_size inside `LightningModule.log` is set by the user ([#10408](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10408))
```

Author: better?

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I think it is worse 😅 

I think it is either

> Fixed an issue that prevented Lightning to extract the batch size even though it was set by the user in LightningModule.log

or

> Fixed an issue that caused Lightning to extract the batch size even though it was set by the user in LightningModule.log

Totally not sure what you are trying to fix. Given the description of the PR, I probably think it is the latter.

> - Fixed the call to `extract_batch_size` only when its required ([#10408](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10408))

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused Lightning to extract the batch size even though it was set by the user in `LightningModule.log` ([#10408](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10408))
```
